Vice Dean Huang
He is here to see a doctor.
You can't drive him away
He just talked nonsense to Miss Ye
Promote feudal superstition
I just hit Dr. Lin
Will not step on the ground of our hospital
Mrs. Lin, he supported you to come and trouble me
What support?
What nonsense are you talking about a doctor
An associate dean
Instead of saving lives, they covet wealth
You are enough, you still treat me
Miss Ye
Our hospital has received a new batch of state-of-the-art equipment
Take you there in person
I'm closed.
You just said that I have evil feelings in me
You are wet and cold
Instead, something was caught in the chest, right?
How do you know?
My lady has indeed had these symptoms recently.
Chen Hao, shut up
It's still a rumor.
Mr. Huo, shut up
Is there anything you can do?
It can get rid of this evil energy
Of course there is Chen Hao
Miss Ye is born with inherited cold and lung prison
It's not the birth of some evil
In light of the backup
The demons retreat